applications: nrf_desktop: Add selector documentation (#1164)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/selector.rst

.. _selector:

Selector module
###############

The ``selector`` module is used to send ``selector_event`` that informs about the current selector state.
The module has one implementation, which uses hardware selectors (``selector_hw.c``).

Module Events
*************

+----------------+-------------+-----------------+--------------------+------------------+
| Source Module  | Input Event | This Module     | Output Event       | Sink Module      |
+================+=============+=================+====================+==================+
|                |             | ``selector``    | ``selector_event`` | :ref:`ble_bond`  |
+----------------+-------------+-----------------+--------------------+------------------+

Configuration
*************

The module implemented in ``selector_hw.c`` uses the Zephyr :ref:`zephyr:gpio` driver to check the state of hardware selectors.

> You should set :option:`CONFIG_GPIO` option.

Author: This will be described in other place (it is used by every module)

> You should set :option:`CONFIG_GPIO` option.

Author: And subsections are already removed

.. _selector:

selector module
###############

The ``selector`` module is used to send event (``selector_event``) informing about current selector state.
Module has one implementation, which uses hardware selectors (``selector_hw.c``).

Module Events
*************

+----------------+-------------+-----------------+--------------------+------------------+
| Source Module  | Input Event | This Module     | Output Event       | Sink Module      |
+================+=============+=================+====================+==================+
|                |             | ``selector``    | ``selector_event`` | :ref:`ble_bond`  |
+----------------+-------------+-----------------+--------------------+------------------+

Configuration
*************

> 

Author: In general selector may be implemented in many ways, but currently we got only one implementaiton based on hardware switches. Both configuration and implementation details are only for hardware selectors (its why i decided to create subsection).

I will add short description about content of section.

> 

Author: I will add short description about content of every section (to avoid empty headers).

Hardware selectors
==================

> Module uses the Zephyr :ref:`zephyr:gpio` driver to check state of the hardware selectors - it is required to set :option:`CONFIG_GPIO` option.

Author: Rewritten the sentence.
Generally nothing special is required to set this option (its just normal option from Zephyr Kconfig).

> In addition set ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_SELECTOR_HW_ENABLE`` and define module configuration.

Author: done

> The configuration (array of :c:type:`struct selector_config` pointers) is written in the ``selector_hw_def.h`` file located in the board specific directory in application configuration folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration for this module is an array of :c:type:`struct selector_config` pointers. The array is written in the ``selector_hw_def.h`` file located in the board-specific directory in the application configuration folder.
```

> For every hardware selector you should define:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every hardware selector, define the following parameters:
```

> * ID (:cpp:member:`id`),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :cpp:member:`id` - the ID of the hardware selector
```

> * pointer to array of :c:type:`struct gpio_pin` (:cpp:member:`pins`) and size of the array (:cpp:member:`pins_size`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :cpp:member:`pins` - pointer to the array of :c:type:`struct gpio_pin` 
* :cpp:member:`pins_size` - size of the array of :c:type:`struct gpio_pin` 
```

.. warning::

> 

Reviewer: Remove this blank line.

Author: done

>   Please make sure that each source of ``selector_event`` has unique ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Each source of ``selector_event`` must have a unique ID
```

>   Otherwise it won't be possible to properly distinguish events from different sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to properly distinguish events from different sources.
```

Implementation details
**********************

> 

Reviewer: Why do you add a header for a section that contains only one subsection?

Also, about headers: Never add empty headers. Always add a short description about the contents of the section.

Author: Ok

Hardware selectors
==================

> Module sends ``selector_event`` informing about current hardware selector state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``selector_event`` that the module sends to inform about the current hardware selector state is sent on the following occasions:
```

> * on system start or wake up (for every defined selector),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* on system start or wakeup (for every defined selector)
```

> * when selector state changes, while application is running (only selector, which changed state).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* on selector state change when the application is running (only for the selector that changed state)
```

> When application goes to sleep interrupts are disabled (selectors are not informing about state change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the application goes to sleep, the interrupts are disabled (selectors are not informing about state change).
```
What does the information in parentheses mean? It is the reason why the interrupts are disabled? Or the information of the consequence of what happens after they are disabled? Clarify in the text.

Author: done

> If a selector is placed in between states no event is send (state of this selector is unknown).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a selector is placed between states, no event is sent (state of this selector is unknown).
```
Same question as for line 48: What does the information in parentheses mean? It is the reason why the interrupts are not sent? Or the information of the consequence of what happens after they are not sent? Clarify in the text.

Author: done

> Recording selector state change is implemented using GPIO callbacks (:c:type:`struct gpio_callback`) and work (:c:type:`struct k_delayed_work`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recording of selector state changes is implemented using GPIO callbacks (:c:type:`struct gpio_callback`) and work (:c:type:`struct k_delayed_work`).
```

> State change triggers an interrupt, which then submits work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each state change triggers an interrupt, which then submits work.
```
What about callbacks? Were do they fit?

Author: done
